Kaisa: Once per turn on your turn, you may spend an active point to pull a card from another player's hand
Ahri: Each time you play a spell card, draw a card.
Darius: Each time you roll to challenge, +2 to your roll
JarvanIV: Each time you play a modifier card on a roll, +1 or -1 to that roll.
Ashe: Each time you roll to attack a boss card, +1 to your roll.
Teemo: Each time you roll to use a Hero card's effect, +1 to your roll.
Kassadin: DESTROY a Hero card. If that Hero card had an item card equipped to it, add that item card to your hand instead of moving it to the discard pile.
Yone: Choose a player. That player must SACRIFICE a Hero card.
Katarina: DRAW 2 cards. If at least one of those cards is a Challenge card, you may reveal it, then DESTROY a Hero card.
Lux: +5 to all your rolls until the end of your turn.
Sejuani: DRAW 3 cards and DISCARD a card.
Lulu: Choose a player. STEAL a Hero from that player and move this card to their Party.
Galio: Hero cards in your Party cannot be destroyed until the end of your next turn.
Baron: You may spend an extra action point on each of your turns.
Infernal Dragon: Each time you DRAW a Modifier card, you may reveal it and DRAW a second card.
Elder Dragon: Each time you roll for a Hero card's effect, +1 to your roll.
Doran's Ring: Each time you roll to use the equipped Hero card's effect, +2 to your roll.
Death's Dance: The equipped Hero card is considered a Noxian instead of its original class.
Zz'Rot Portal: The equipped Hero card is considered a Void instead of its original class.
Banner of Command: The equipped Hero card is considered a Demacian instead of its original class.
Frozen Heart: The equipped Hero card is considered a Frelijord instead of its original class.
Guinsoo's Rageblade: The equipped Hero card is considered an Ionian instead of its original class.
Shrink Ray: The equipped Hero card is considered a Bandolier (Yordle) of its original class.
Revive: Search the discard pile for a Hero card and add it to your hand.
Unsealed Spellbook: DRAW 3 cards and DISCARD a card.
Rocket Grab: Choose a player. STEAL a Hero card from that player's Party, then move a Hero card from your Party to that player's Party.
Tryndamere: Destroy a hero and draw a card.
Sion: DESTROY a hero card.
Poppy: +5 to ALL of your ROLLS until the end of your turn.
Karma: Seach the discard pile for a magic card.
Kha'zix: Choose a player, look at their hand and STEAL a card.
Tristana: DRAW a card, if the card is a HERO then play immediately.
Phosphorus Bomb: DISCARD a card, then DESTROY a hero